Switch to `bats-core` for the e2e tests (#338)
StackStorm/stackstorm-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## In Development

> * Switch to `bats-core` for the e2e tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Switch to the official `bats` Docker image for e2e tests. (#338)
```
